all right folks welcome back this is
going to be a short little video on the
s p 500 june contract 2022
this is our daily chart and before i get
into it just let me remind you that i do
not use whatsapp i'm not going to be in
the comments section asking you to reach
out to me okay hit me up
uh let's talk none of that stuff that's
all scammers so i'm never going to ask
you for money i'm not going to direct
message you i'm not going to direct
message you on twitter okay all those
people are just trying to scam you try
to pretend to be me i'm not asking for
your money you're here to eat off my
table for free and i'm happy to do it so
just know that those accounts are not me
please report them and ignore them
all right so
the s p 500 daily chart
we're going to look at this day here
and before we get into it i'm going to
bring your attention to the 16th of may
on that low
this morning on twitter i was not able
to participate in the early session
movement on the stock indices
because i've been trying to do things to
share with the audience that has
been mainly following me because of
forex
i noticed a lot of you are starting to
evaluate and complain that you want to
see 4x and i understand that but even my
paid membership group
they have seen very little in terms of
forex too
and i'm pushing this asset class because
this is where the volatility is price is
price it doesn't make a difference when
forex starts moving around big again
trust me index futures will get you know
slower and quiet
in comparison to forex trust me when i
tell you the currency markets will
eventually
within the next 12 months or so probably
start having some pretty wild movement
but until then we have to look for
volatility where we can find it right
now is in the stock index market
so
if you're a hardliner if you're a purist
and you don't want to see these types of
moves in
this type of market i understand but
learn from it because it works the same
way in forex just
know that okay
so
i mentioned on twitter that i was in the
dollar cad this morning i went along on
that one on its
impact news at 8 30 and it was a snooze
fest it took forever just to move a
little bit
obviously i shared that on the twitter
feed so you can again go and look at
that
so i mentioned i was going to grab a
bite to eat have some lunch and then i
would look to see if there's anything
for
the stock in the sea market
and i participated in this
move i'm going to show you today here
and i hinted at where the market was
likely to go to and let me state this
going forward because i had perry mason
over there on twitter reach out to me
saying that the bar has been lowered
for calling out trades i don't call out
trades i don't i'm not going to put you
in a trade i'm not going to give you an
entry a stop a target i'm not going to
do that i don't spoon feed i don't do
that with my paid group what i do is i
point to where the market's going to go
i've already taught you how to get in
i've already taught you where to put a
stop loss i've already taught you how to
put your limit orders in i taught you
all that now the problem is you don't
have the experience of knowing where
it's going to likely go next so this
morning what i did was i drew everyone's
attention to the low on the 16th of may
now if the market is above and let's go
into a lower timeframe chart
okay
and
if we're in the market
and we're up here
and i'm suggesting to everyone think
about this low over here on the 16th
what do you think i'm drawing your
attention to while we're up here and i'm
drawing your attention to this specific
area the lows of may 16 2022.
do you think i'm referring to it as it
should not come back down here
no everyone should understand my style
is we're aiming for liquidity so if it's
up here
and i'm pointing down here and taking
your attention down there i'm acting
like a scout
you're the sniper in training whether
you realize or not okay
so i'm trying to point you to where you
should be aiming
and you have to do the work of scoping
it up
pulling the trigger
and dealing with all that okay so
there's no shortcut to this there's not
going to be an ict on twitter or on
youtube that sits down in front of you
and says okay
everybody are you ready we're all going
to buy right now we're all going to put
our stop-loss at the same place we're
all going to put our exit or the same
place and we're all going to ride these
things and this is going to be happy and
that's it
i'm not gonna do that i never promised
to do that i'm not gonna do a period in
a story no way this is how i train my
students it works folks it does not work
for lazy people okay i understand that
some of you just want to be handheld but
that's not gonna happen with me i don't
do it i didn't do it when people paid me
and i'm not gonna do it for free either
so you don't need
me to hold your hand if i point to where
i think the market's gonna go
it's your job to study and look for the
opportunity the fair value gap is what
you're gonna be utilizing okay
some of you are
fixated on only looking for the setup at
the opening
well what happens if you don't get a
trade at the opening can't you use a
fair bag you have to get involved with
the move if it's going to go down to
something like this
yes that's what i did today so let me
add the annotations in the form of
showing you the executions so you can
see i'm not sure why this thing is not
popping up stay on there there you go
all right so here's where i
entered i did four contracts at four
thousand seven and three quarters
aiming for the sixteenths
low i didn't have a whole lot of time to
be babysitting this thing and
late afternoon this could have easily
whipped up did some kind of a
retracement if i didn't kind of stop
loss trail down and then even move lower
so just to make it easy short and sweet
to the point
your attention was drawn to the 16th the
low on the 16th of may let's go into a
15 minute time frame
all right so you can see
up close candle what do you think that
is right before we start to go to lower
it's a bearish order block draw that out
in time it hits that order block on this
candle here
dropping into a
five-minute chart
what is this
doesn't look like a fair guy yet until
you zoom in huh
so right in here it's hitting
it overshoots it granted but it's a lot
of volatility right now
this candle is high your stop would be
above there
hold on to
the position until it starts to break
lower
if you want to fine tune it
this is the one i shared on
twitter in the recording
so what i saw was this fairway gap here
it hit it
created what what is this what's this
pattern here what's these three candles
here
it's a swing high
so as soon as this candle closed here
i'm gonna go right here at this candle
and just get in and go short
trusting the fact that we've already had
a fair value gap we already went through
it we have it swing high and it's
bearish i'm looking for what
what am i looking for i'm looking for a
run below this old low which is may 16
2022 is low
so entering here
and i'm writing it out
with a stop here
everything is
reduced in terms of risk
as soon as we started to break lower
here and started moving my favor
aggressively i moved my stop only
because the volatility is so high right
now
i just don't want to see it come back
and knock me out
that's not fear that's just sound money
management i'm not trying to take a
losing trade so here is the entry again
it delivers on the downside i took my
first partial here
one off here
and in the limit order you watch that
fill on the little recording the
vignette that i shared on twitter
ultimately we started going
a little bit sideways going into the
beginning of lunch
in new york here's your typical lunch
time consolidation
and then
what's this
stops
ahead of
lunch
very valuable
it's almost like uh it knows what it
wants to do huh
breaks lower
consolidation again
trades lower
consolidation bumps to stops here
what's this
oh this ict just makes it so complicated
hits it sells off
sell side here
consolidates one more time
and trades and meets the low of the day
i think when this one huh
closed candle though
at 39 10 not bad
so
that is what i did today i did not
participate in the afternoon session
post new york lunch
this is all i had to share today
right there
there
and there okay that's gonna be it for
today hope you enjoyed this and found it
insightful until i'll talk to you
tomorrow be safe